We interrupt your programing. This is a national emergency. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration has detected a significant environmental event that will impact the greater United States. You and your loved ones should seek the nearest fallout shelter immediately. Please stand by for further area updates. I was just drafted and in traffic. I didn't feel it when the earthquake happened, but it really got me thinking. Were you out drinking? Were you in the living room? Chilling, watching television? It's been a year now. Think of it. Get out. How to let you go and let communication die out. I know you know. We know you weren't down for forever. And it's fine. I know you know. We know we want. Made for each other, and it's fine. But if the world was ending. You'd come over, right? You come over and you stay the night. Would you love me for the hell of it? All our fears would be irrelevant. If the world was ending, you'd come over, right? The sky be falling. And I'd hold you tight. And there wouldn't be a reason why we would even have to say goodbye if the world was ending. You'd come over, right? Right. If the world was ending, you would come over, right? Right. I tried to. In your reaction? It didn't scare me when the earthquake happened, but it really got me thinking. The night we went drinking, stumbled in the house and didn't make it past the kitchen. Oh, it's been a year now. Think I figured out how to think about you without it ripping my heart out. And I know. You know. We know you were down for. Everyone is fine. You know, we know we were meant for each other and it's fine. But if the world was ending, you come over, right? You come over and you say. Would you love me for the. All our fears would be. God be falling. And all the. The world was then and you come home. You'll come over. You come over. You come over. No, you know, we know you weren't down for forever, and it's fine. I know. You know. We know. For each other, and it's fine. But if the world was ending, you'd come over, right? You'll come over and you'll say, Tonight. Do you love me for the hell of it. All our fears will be irrelevant. Right is happy falling while I'll hold you tight. We would even have to say goodbye. If the world was in. You come over, right? You come over. Come over, you come home. If the world was ending, you come over, right? Seek shelter immediately. This broadcast will go dark in five, four, three, two.